data/lab: Add memory security section (#166)
open-education-hub/operating-systems: content/chapters/data/lab/quiz/memory-regions-vars.md

# Variables in memory regions

## Question Text

> In what memory regions are the `a`, `b`, `c`, `k` varoables stored?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In what memory regions are the `a`, `b`, `c`, `k` variables from `support/memory-security/buff_leak.c` stored?
```

## Question Answers

> - a - .data, b - .bss, c - .stack, k - .heap
> + a - .data, b - .bss, c - .stack, k - .stack
> - a - .data, b - .data, c - .stack, k - .heap
> - a - .bss, b - .bss, c - .stack, k - .heap

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- a - .data, b - .bss, c - .stack, k - .heap

+ a - .data, b - .bss, c - .stack, k - .stack

- a - .data, b - .data, c - .stack, k - .heap

- a - .bss, b - .bss, c - .stack, k - .heap
```
Linter loves this!

Reviewer: Also mind the `super-linter` errors. They say you should enclose the names of the sections in backticks like so: `.data`.

## Feedback

> Global initialized variables go to .data (`a`), global uninitialized variables go to .bss (`b`), non-static local variables go on the stack (`c`, `k`), malloc'ed memory goes on the heap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Global initialized variables go to `.data` (`a`).
Global uninitialized variables go to `.bss` (`b`).
Non-static local variables go on the stack (`c`, `k`).
`malloc()`'ed memory goes on the heap.
```

# Variables in memory regions

## Question Text

> In what memory regions are the `a`, `b`, `c`, `k` varaables from `support/memory-security/buff_leak.c` stored?

Reviewer 3: variables not varaables

Author: make a PR
